auditing scripts
================


# Manifest and status
1) `  57  auditingKey.pub        `
    this gets generated by ssh\_setup

2) `1513  cloudify               `
    this is the old python flow controller using a python parseConfig

3) ` 472  connectConfig          `
    this is a config that gets downloaded from a URL based on an SMS from parseSMS.py

4) ` 945  mobile_auditor.sh     `
    this is the cloudify replacement. it should run in a loop and pause every $POLLING period

5) ` 670  readConf.py            `
    this is an old way of reading conf files using python (replace by git config)

6) `  58  README.md              `
    this is what you are reading.

7) ` 149  register.sh            `
    this gets run ONCE. (really every time a new SMS to download a conf comes in)

8) ` 546  requestResources       `
    this alerts the mothership of an incoming connection to be audited

9) `1429  serialToNet            `
    this connects the mothership to a serial device

10)` 857  ssh_setup             `
    this generates an ssh key and ships the public key data to the mothership

11)` 182  test_requestResources `
    this is purely a tester for requestResources.


# Status

## Registration

Various pieces are working. 
We can recieve and download SMS, we can generate and send an SSH key.

## Polling

We (at least used to be able to) connect to mothership with ssh/socat.
So theoretically everything is in place if a manual user is here to kick everything off.

## Automata
There should be a systemd service to enable the poller (mobile\auditor). 
This systemd service should get enabled by the register process.
